Many men have been capable of doing a wise thing, More a cunning thing, but very few a generous thing.
It is fast approaching the point where I don't want tAdenauer to want the job.
Truth, like a torch, the more it's shook it shines.
Moral self-infatuation has its own corruptions, after all. With time, almost every other principle of the magazine acquired an ironic echo, a sort of cackling aftermath.
It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts. Sherlock Holmes speaking with Dr. Watson.
The pious pretense that evil does not exist only makes it vague, enormous and menacing.
The Internet treats censorship as a malfunction and routes around it.
The mathematician starts with a few propositions, the proof of which is so obvious that they are called self-evident, and the rest of his work consists of subtle deductions from them. The teaching of languages, at any rate as ordinarily practiced, is of the same general nature authority and tradition furnish the data, and the mental operations are deductive.
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense.
I am glad to see that men are getting their rights, but I want women to get theirs, and while the water is stirring, I will step into the pool.
Logical consequences are the scarecrows of fools and the beacons of wise men.
It's a long old road, but I know I'm gonna find the end.
... from the time of Kepler to that of Newton, and from Newton to Hartley, not only all things in external nature, but the subtlest mysteries of life and organization, and even of the intellect and moral being, were conjured within the magic circle of mathematical formulae.
Give to every other human being every right that you claim for yourself that is my doctrine.
Despair kinda smells like burnt hair. Sounds great, but smells lousy. Now fear ... fear you can taste! Let's see, fear kinda tastes like ... like peaches, peaches covered with fresh bone marrow
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
No human being, however great, or powerful, was ever so free as a fish.
The depth and the willingness with which we serve is a direct reflection of our gratitude.
We are not human beings on a spiritual journey. We are spiritual beings on a human journey.
I think we have more machinery of government than is necessary, too many parasites living on the labor of the industrious.
A conclusion is the place where you got tired thinking.
Animals, whom we have made our slaves, we do not like to consider our equal.
If you talk to God, you are praying. If God talks to you, you have schizophrenia.
From craving arises sorrow, from craving arises fear, but he who is freed from craving has no sorrow and certainly no fear.
Freed by full realization and at peace, the mind of such a man is at peace, and his speech and action peaceful. He has no need for faith who knows the uncreated, who has cut off rebirth, who has destroyed any opportunity for good or evil, and cast away all desire. He is indeed the ultimate man.
It is apparent that no lifetime is long enough in which to explore the resources of a few square yards of ground.
Meditation is one of the most secret, most sacred doors through which we pass into the presence of the Lord.
Somewhere there's music, how faint the tune ... Some tribal cultures believe that the act of creation takes place through music. They literally sing their homes, their villages and their valleys into existence. They keep them strong and real regularly and ritually through music and belief. It's a little like prayer, isn't it? Somewhere in the world, someone is chanting their own universe into being right now. We modern folk are not so different from this. We speak of being in tune, of needing harmony and rhythm to feel complete and alive. We create our own realities with our words and our songs, our eyes and our hands. Each world is defined by our own outline, the envelope of skin and nerves and light and air we inhabit. Every time we push against something, we feel ourselves.
Those who are clever, who have a Brain, never understand anything.
Hold on with a bulldog grip, and chew and choke as much as possible.
People want economy, and they'll pay any price to get it.
It is strange that we know so little about the properties of numbers. They are our handiwork, yet they baffle us; we can fathom only a few of their intricacies. Having defined their attributes and prescribed their behavior, we are hard pressed to perceive the implications of our formulas.
Waves of a serene life pass over us from time to time, like flakes of sunlight over the fields in cloudy weather.
The problems of victory are more agreeable than those of defeat, but they are no less difficult.
Unfortunately, our affluent society has also been an effluent society.
Management by objective works if you know the objectives. Ninety percent of the time you don't.
Journalists say a thing that they know isn't true, in the hope that if they keep on saying it long enough it will be true.
Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.
It is not the strengths, but the durations of great sentiments that make great men.
I had a dream my life would be different from this hell I am living, so different from what it seemed. Now life has killed the dream I dreamed.
There you go man, Keep as cool as you can. It riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave. Keep on being free! 
If science were explained to the average person in a way that is accessible and exciting, there would be no room for pseudoscience. But there is a kind of Gresham's Law by which in popular culture the bad science drives out the good. And for this I think we have to blame, first, the scientific community ourselves for not doing a better job of popularizing science, and second, the media, which are in this respect almost uniformly dreadful. Every newspaper in America has a daily astrology column. How many have even a weekly astronomy column? And I believe it is also the fault of the educational system. We do not teach how to think. This is a very serious failure that may even, in a world rigged with 60,000 nuclear weapons, compromise the human future. - Carl Sagan, The Burden Of Skepticism, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. 12, Fall 87 
And come he slow, or come he fast, It is but Death who comes at last.
In the deepest heart of all of us there is a corner in which the ultimate mystery of things works sadly.
The pest of society are the egotist, they are dull and bright, sacred and In order to preserve your self-respect, it is sometimes necessary to lie and cheat.
profane, course and fine. It is a disease that like the flu falls on all constitutions.
Keep staring at the stars and someday they will collapse.
Good habits, which bring our lower passions and appetites under automatic control, leave our natures free to explore the larger experiences of life. Too many of us divide and dissipate our energies in debating actions which should be taken for granted.
Cheerfulness is as natural to the heart of a man in strong health as color to his cheek; and wherever there is habitual gloom there must be either bad air, unwholesome food, improperly severe labor, or erring habits of life.
I have tried if I could reach that great resolution ... to be honest without a thought of Heaven or Hell.
Those who have given themselves the most concern about the happiness of peoples have made their neighbors very miserable.
Everybody has his own theater, in which he is manager, actor, prompter, playwrite, sceneshifter, boxkeeper, doorkeeper, all in one, and audience into the bargain.
There is nothing worse than being a doer with nothing to do.
The world will freely offer itself to you to be unmasked.
Well if this is the wrong number, why did you answer it?
Research: Finding out what you are going to do when you cannot keep on doing what you are doing now.
GENEROUS, adj. Originally this word meant noble by birth and was rightly applied to a great multitude of persons. It now means noble by nature and is taking a bit of a rest.
Quitting smoking is easy, I've done it hundreds of times.
Poets do not go mad; but chess-players do. Mathematicians go mad, and cashiers; but creative artists very seldom. I am not, as will be seen, in any sense attacking logic: I only say that this danger does lie in logic, not in imagination.
The work of art is above all a process of creation, it is never experienced as a mere product.
Who can ... guess how much industry and providence and affection we have caught from the pantomime of brutes?
No object is mysterious. The mystery is in your eyes.
To see is one of God's great gifts to man and to comprehend what we see is doubly so. Furthermore, He has endowed some people with the qualities to see the beauties of life and nature much more than others and they have the greatest gift of all.
There are one hundred and ninety-three living species of monkeys and apes. One hundred and ninety-two of them are covered with hair.
I do not remember in my whole life I ever willfully misrepresented anything to anybody at any time. I have never knowingly had connection with a fraudulent scheme.
Those are my principles. If you don't like them I have others.
Time: That which man is always trying to kill, but which ends in killing him.
The poetry of a people comes from the deep recesses of the unconscious, the irrational and the collective body of our ancestral memories.
As the presence of those we love is as a double life, so absence, in its anxious longing and sense of vacancy, is as a foretaste of death.
I never expected to be a star, never counted on it, never even wanted it. Not that I didn't enjoy it all when it happened.
If, as they say, some dust thrown in my eyes Will keep my talk from getting overwise, I'm not the one for putting off the proof. Let it be overwhelming.
I'm a businessman. I work for business people. The kind of thing they say is: Now we've sold a lot of records, let's sell some more.
For my own part I think no innocent species of wit or pleasantry should be suppressed: and that a good pun may be admitted among the smaller excellencies of lively conversation.
Sleep is when all the unsorted stuff comes flying out as from a dustbin upset in a high wind.
In Texas, years ago, almost all of the oil came from surface operations. Then someone got the idea that there were greater sources of supply deeper down. A well was drilled five thousand feet deep. The result? A gusher. Too many of us operate on the surface. We never go deep enough to find supernatural resources. The result is, we never operate at our best. More time and investment is involved to go deep but a gusher will pay off.
Love of animals is a universal impulse, a common ground on which all of us may meet. By loving and understanding animals, perhaps we humans shall come to understand each other.
Simplicity is making the journey of this life with just baggage enough.
The young man of native ability, the will to work and good personality will, in the long run, get the equivalent of a college education in the tasks he will set for himself. If he has ability and determination, he will find ways to learn and to get ahead.
I belong to the public. The public made me. The public can break me. I owe them my life.
But make no mistake: the weeds will win: nature bats last.
When a man lives with God, his voice shall be as sweet as the murmur of the brook and rustle of the corn.
Fashion is something barbarous, for it produces innovation without reason and imitation without benefit.
The only thing that ought to be put off until tomorrow is the thing that never ought to be done.
Let our object be our country, our whole country, and nothing but our country.
Our country is the world; our countrymen are all mankind.
There are sacred moments in life when we experience in rational and very direct ways that separation, the boundary between ourselves and other people and between ourselves and Nature, is illusion. Oneness is reality. We can experience that stasis is illusory and that reality is continual flux and change on very subtle and also on gross levels of perception.
How many things served us yesterday for articles of faith, which today are fables to us!
Harpo, she's a lovely person. She deserves a good husband. Marry her before she finds one.
People who know how to employ themselves, always find leisure moments, while those who do nothing are forever in a hurry.
We do what we can, and then make up a theory to prove our performance the best.
Pryde will have a fall; For pryde goeth before and shame commeth after.
You insist that there is something a machine cannot do. If you tell me precisely what it is a machine cannot do, then I can always make a machine which will do just that.
To be able to walk under the branches of a tree that you have planted is really to feel you have arrived with your garden. So far we are on the way: we can now stand beside ours.
A man finds room in the few square inches of the face for the traits of all his ancestors; for the expression of all his history, and his wants.
The red-letter days now become, to all intents and purposes, dead-letter days.
My grandfather was a very insignificant man, actually. At his funeral his hearse followed the other cars.
EXPOSTULATION, n. One of the many methods by which fools prefer to lose their friends.
Can we never extract the tapeworm of Europe from the brain of our countrymen?
Too many people overvalue what they're not and undervalue what they are.
We are kept out of the Garden by our own fear and desire in relation to what we think to be the goods of our life.